Add CSRF warning to HTTP Basic Auth security section (fixes #40267) (#40569)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/guides/authentication/index.md

### Security of basic authentication

As the user ID and password are passed over the network as clear text (it is base64 encoded, but base64 is a reversible encoding), the basic authentication scheme is not secure.
HTTPS/TLS should be used with basic authentication to prevent credential interception.

> In addition, sites that use HTTP Basic Auth are particularly vulnerable to [Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF)](/en-US/docs/Glossary/CSRF) attacks because the user credentials are sent in all requests regardless of origin (this differs cookie-based credential mechanisms, where cookies are commonly blocked in cross site requests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, sites that use HTTP Basic Auth are particularly vulnerable to [Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF)](/en-US/docs/Glossary/CSRF) attacks because the user credentials are sent in all requests regardless of origin (this differs cookie-based credential mechanisms, because cookies are commonly blocked in cross site requests).
```

### Security of basic authentication

As the user ID and password are passed over the network as clear text (it is base64 encoded, but base64 is a reversible encoding), the basic authentication scheme is not secure.
HTTPS/TLS should be used with basic authentication to prevent credential interception.

> In addition:
> 
> - Unlike cookies with `SameSite=Lax` protections, HTTP Basic Auth is vulnerable to [Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF)](/en-US/docs/Glossary/CSRF) attacks.
> - For state-changing requests, implement [CSRF tokens](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Attacks/CSRF) or other protections.
> 
> Without these security enhancements, basic authentication should not be used to protect sensitive or valuable information.

Reviewer: CSRF is still required when using cookie-based authentication. Lax is not the default in all browsers, and there are plenty of people who use old browsers. Setting Lax does not stop CSRF attacks either - just those that use POST to change data (which should be most, but if we're being precise). It is true that HTTP Basic auth is always vulnerable though. 

How about this?

```suggestion
In addition, sites that use HTTP Basic Auth are particularly vulnerable to [Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF)](/en-US/docs/Glossary/CSRF) attacks because the user credentials are sent in all requests regardless of origin (this differs cookie-based credential mechanisms, where cookies are commonly blocked in cross site requests).
Sites should always use the POST requests when changing data, and include [CSRF tokens](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Attacks/CSRF).

Without these security enhancements, basic authentication should not be used to protect sensitive or valuable information.
```

> > [!WARNING]
> > As the user ID and password are passed over the network as clear text (it is base64 encoded, but base64 is a reversible encoding), the basic authentication scheme is not secure. HTTPS/TLS should be used with basic authentication to prevent credential interception.
> >
> > **Additional Security Considerations**:
> >
> > - Unlike cookies with `SameSite=Lax` protections, HTTP Basic Auth is vulnerable to [Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF)](/en-US/docs/Glossary/CSRF) attacks.
> > - For state-changing requests, implement [CSRF tokens](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Attacks/CSRF) or other protections.
> >
> > Without these security enhancements, basic authentication should not be used to protect sensitive or valuable information.

Reviewer: A whole section should not be a warning. Warnings are an aside for highlighting a particular critical issue. Merging this so that the rest can be more easily commented on.

```suggestion
As the user ID and password are passed over the network as clear text (it is base64 encoded, but base64 is a reversible encoding), the basic authentication scheme is not secure.
HTTPS/TLS should be used with basic authentication to prevent credential interception.

In addition:

- Unlike cookies with `SameSite=Lax` protections, HTTP Basic Auth is vulnerable to [Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF)](/en-US/docs/Glossary/CSRF) attacks.
- For state-changing requests, implement [CSRF tokens](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Attacks/CSRF) or other protections.

Without these security enhancements, basic authentication should not be used to protect sensitive or valuable information.
```
